Add flag description for --exit-when-no-validator-keys-enabled (#533)
Consensys/doc.teku: docs/reference/cli/index.md

Enables or disables [doppelganger detection](../../how-to/enable-doppelganger-detection.md). The default is `false`.

> ### ee-endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `ee-endpoint`
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> The default setting is `false`. If `exit-when-no-validator-keys-enabled` is set to `false`, Teku continues running even when no validator keys are loaded. 
> 
> When `exit-when-no-validator-keys-enabled` is set to `true`, Teku will automatically exit if no validator keys are loaded, or there are no active validators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default setting is `false`.
If this option is set to `false`, Teku continues running even when no validator keys are loaded. 

If this option is set to `true`, Teku automatically exits if no validator keys are loaded, or there are no active validators.
```

:::important

> If running the validator client and beacon node separately, set this option only on the validator client side. This setting is meant for the client that deals with loading and handling the validator keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If running the validator client and beacon node separately, set this option only on the validator client side. This setting is meant for the client that loads and handles the validator keys.
```
